README.md, before:

# java-exercises

This repository contains a collection of **Java exercises and beginner projects** that I have created to practice programming fundamentals, problem-solving, and object-oriented concepts.

Each project is **self-contained** and can be run individually.

---

## 📁 Project Structure

The repository is organized as follows:

java-exercises/  
├── DiceRoll/  
│ └── src/  
	│ └── Main.java  
├── Mini-Projects/  
│ └── QuizGame/  
│ └── TaskManager/  
│
├── RockPaperScissors/  
│ └── src/  
	│ └── Main.java  
├── SlotMachine/  
│ └── src/  
	│ └── Main.java  
└── README.md 


Each `src` folder contains the **Java source code** for that project.

---

## 🚀 How to Run

1. Open the project in **IntelliJ IDEA** or any Java IDE.
2. Navigate to the `src` folder of the project you want to run.
3. Compile and run `Main.java`:


---

## 📝 Projects Included

1. **Dice Roller** – A number (user defined) of dices are rolled randomly .
    
2. **Quiz Game** – Console-based quiz game with multiple-choice questions.
    
3. **Rock Paper Scissors Game** – Console-based game with computer and player choices.

4. **Slot Machine Game** - simple console-based simulator of a slot machine.

---

## 📌 Notes

- All projects are written in **Java 21**.
    

---

## 📫 Contributing

Feel free to **fork the repository** and add your own exercises!  
If you make improvements, you can create a pull request.

---

## 📚 References

- [Java Documentation](https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/)
    
- [ Java Full Course for free ☕ (2025) - Bro Code](https://youtu.be/xTtL8E4LzTQ)

Commit message:

Adding BankAccountManager
Console-based program that let the user create an account, deposit money, withdraw money and view account details.

README.md, after:

# java-exercises

This repository contains a collection of **Java exercises and beginner projects** that I have created to practice programming fundamentals, problem-solving, and object-oriented concepts.

Each project is **self-contained** and can be run individually.

---

## 📁 Project Structure

The repository is organized as follows:

java-exercises/  
├── BankAccountManager/  
│ └── src/  
	│ └── Main.java  
	  └── AccountDetails.java  
├── HangmanGame/  
│ └── src/  
	│ └── Main.java  
├── Mini-Projects/  
│ └── QuizGame/  
│ └── TaskManager/  
├── RockPaperScissors/  
│ └── src/  
	│ └── Main.java  
├── SlotMachine/  
│ └── src/  
	│ └── Main.java  
└── README.md 


Each `src` folder contains the **Java source code** for that project.

---

## 🚀 How to Run

1. Open the project in any Java IDE.
2. Navigate to the `src` folder of the project you want to run.
3. Compile and run `Main.java`:


---

## 📝 Projects Included

1. *BankAccountManager** – Console-based program that let the user create an account, deposit money, withdraw money and view account details.
    
2. **Quiz Game** – Console-based quiz game with multiple-choice questions.
    
3. **Rock Paper Scissors Game** – Console-based game with computer and player choices.

4. **Slot Machine Game** - simple console-based simulator of a slot machine.

---

## 📌 Notes

- All projects are written in **Java 21**.
    

---

## 📫 Contributing

Feel free to **fork the repository** and add your own exercises!  
If you make improvements, you can create a pull request.

---

## 📚 References

- [Java Documentation](https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/)
    
- [ Java Full Course for free ☕ (2025) - Bro Code](https://youtu.be/xTtL8E4LzTQ)
